a blood sample comes in a so-called
The individual will become a centrifuge in her
components of the blood from each other
Separately the blood sample is stirring now
with more than 3000 revolutions per minute
in a circle after a few minutes the sample
will be taken out again
there is a clear yellow at the top
liquid that is the so-called
blood plasma below have the solid ones
components of the blood deposed the
blood cells in a vein of the body like
swim the blood cells in the liquid
blood plasma one recognizes three
different cell types
they have different functions
the big cells with the conspicuous
Colored cell nuclei are the white ones
blood corpuscle
They are among others for defense
responsible for the pathogens
Round plates are counted
the red blood cells
they are the oxygen through the
transport body and give it to the
blood the red coloring the little ones
platelet
you are after for the wound closure
an injury in charge they form
with other components of the blood
so-called hundt sharp and which
Function has the blood plasma
in this blood fluid the swim
Blood cells through the body as well
becomes the largest due to the blood plasma
proportion of the carbon dioxide from the
Organs and muscles so lung
transported where is then exhaled
becomes